tech trends brought to you by Starbucks
double-shot it's the story that's
stunning the tech world despite his age
six year old data entry prodigy jeffrey
peters is already entertaining offers
from dozens of major temp agencies
experts say Jeffrey's abilities to sit
still and perform mind-numbing tasks in
Excel and word for hours on end rank
with a freelance worker three times his
age but Jeffrey's mom says that she knew
he was special from early on I've always
thought that Jeffrey was different from
the other kids he started wearing
glasses for computer strain when he was
just three and a half and he already has
some pretty significant tendonitis I've
always wanted to work at maverick
recruiting the data-entry Wiz is at the
center of a bidding war between industry
Titans like Workforce Solutions and
metropolitan staffing both offering
lavish perks like starting salaries of
up to $15,000 and a cramped cubicle
shared with only two other temps the way
that Jeffrey never complains about lower
back pain and always eats lunch at his
desk is astounding for someone his age
and will do anything too short of giving
him benefits of a full-time position to
get him on our team Jeffrey's parents
say that given the generous offers he's
already received he could be well on the
way to affording a dingy run-down
apartment of his own I'm going to live
in a studio and microwave all my meals
recruiter's also noted that Jeffrey is
so far ahead of the curve that he could
soon start showing actual signs of
clinical depression at being stuck in a
dead-end temp job for the rest of his
life